Hugh Hugh
Whose perfume is on your clothes?
What perfume smells like?
I don't understand what you're saying.
1 million 1 million
Ah crazy woman
What's going on is spoiling you.
Look in the mirror and see what kind of virtue you have
If it weren't for the fear of making irresponsible remarks outside
I would have divorced you long ago
Again
My Autonavi bear is out there with a few women what's wrong
If you tell me one more word of nonsense
I'll divorce you right away
husband
That's not what you said when you got married
You weren't that ugly when you got married
Now look at yourself now
It's like a five-flower road walking alone
I feel sick when I see you
What's the matter?
What the hell are you doing?
Little brat, you have to remember
I'm your goddamn father
Dare to say in front of me that I am not reconciled
Be careful I break your leg